[IMP] project/tasks: correction in what triggers reccurence + icon (#11655)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/project/tasks/recurring_tasks.rst

Set up task recurrence
----------------------

> In an existing task, click :icon:`fa-repeat` (:guilabel:`Recurrent`) button next to the
> :guilabel:`Deadline`. Then, configure :guilabel:`Repeat Every` field according to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an existing task, click the :icon:`fa-repeat` (:guilabel:`Recurrent`) button next to the
:guilabel:`Deadline` field. Then, configure the :guilabel:`Repeat Every` field according to your needs.
```

A new task in recurrence will be created once the status of the previous task is set to
:guilabel:`Done` or :guilabel:`Canceled`.

> The new task is created on your project dashboard with the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new task is created on the project dashboard with the following configuration:
```

- :guilabel:`Stage`: is set to the first stage of the project dashboard (:guilabel:`New` or
  equivalent);
- :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Description`, :guilabel:`Project`, :guilabel:`Assignees`,
  :guilabel:`Customer`, :guilabel:`Tags`: are copied from the original task;

> - :guilabel:`Deadline`: is updated based on the :guilabel:`Repeat Every` field (e.g. if the task is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Deadline`: is updated based on the :guilabel:`Repeat Every` field (e.g., if the task is
```

  set to repeat once a week, 7 days will be added to the deadline);
- :guilabel:`Milestones`, :guilabel:`Timesheets`, :guilabel:`Chatter`,

>   :guilabel:`Activities`, :guilabel:`Subtasks`: those fields are not copied;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Activities`, :guilabel:`Subtasks`: are **not** copied from the original task;
```
To be consistent with the sentence structure of the previous bullet points.
You could also put this as a note ;)

> - A **smart button** on the task displays the total number of existing recurrences.

Reviewer: Shouldn't be part of the bullet points about the task's configuration :)

Author: I removed it from the bullet points, but still kept it, as I think it's worth keeping in this section (as it's one of the outcomes of setting up a task as recurrent). Let me know if it works for you!
